Sunday was pretty much what I expected—slow, easy, and mostly spent at home. I actually stuck to my schedule all day, which is a bit unusual for me since I’m naturally pretty lazy and tend to just wing it. But today, I was all about following the plan, like a robot or something.

I started the morning by sleeping in at home. Honestly, I could’ve stayed in bed forever. The comfort of my own space is unbeatable when you’re an introvert like me. After getting up, I headed to the downtown cafe for brunch. The cafe was lively, but I managed to keep to myself mostly, just enjoying my food and watching people come and go. It’s funny how I prefer places with some buzz but don’t want to actually join in too much. That’s just me being me—spontaneous enough to go out but still reserved.

After brunch, I went to Central Park for a lazy afternoon. I didn’t do much—just found a bench, sat back, and let time pass by. I like how the park feels calm even when it’s busy around. It’s a good place to be by yourself but also not feel completely alone. I followed my schedule perfectly here too, which feels like a small victory.

Later, I needed to get dinner but realized I only had $22.50 to spend. That was kind of a bummer since takeout can get pricey. I guess I’ll have to get creative with what I have at home or maybe just make something simple. Not the worst thing in the world, but it did make me think I should probably keep better tabs on my money.

At some point, my schedule said it was time to socialize at the park, so I headed back there. Bella Chen showed up and we ended up chatting a few times. I’m not super into socializing, but Bella’s easy to talk to, so it wasn’t too bad. I think I handled it well without feeling drained, which is a win for me. After finishing those conversations, I decided it was time to head back home.

So yeah, I ended the day just like I started it—at home, ready to sleep. It’s funny how even on a day where I actually followed my schedule, the highlight was just being able to relax and not do much. I’m pretty satisfied with that. 

For tomorrow, I’m thinking I might try to be a bit more spontaneous, maybe go somewhere I don’t usually go or try a new cafe. But knowing me, I’ll probably still want to come back to my cozy, quiet spot at home by the end of the day. Either way, I’ll take it as it comes.
